Add theming and transtion MWT examples presentation. (#735)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/Widgets/mwt-examples.rst

|endTable|

`Theming and Branding <https://github.com/MicroEJ/ExampleJava-MWT/tree/master/theming-and-branding>`_
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|startTable| 

.. image:: images/theming-and-branding.gif
   :align: center

|midTable|

This example shows how to create theming and branding for your project.

The application contains only one page.

There are two different types of theming shown:

1. Changing from normal to condensed by passing a `Theme` when building the stylesheet.
2. Changing the styling (including padding, margin, background, etc.) itself with a `StyleTheme`.

|endTable|

`Transition <https://github.com/MicroEJ/ExampleJava-MWT/tree/master/transition>`_
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|startTable| 

.. image:: images/transition.gif
   :align: center

|midTable|

> This example shows a transition container that triggers effect between pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows a container that triggers effects during page transitions.
```
